but the Old West hadn't completely
disappeared parts of northern New Mexico
was still untamed in the remote carumba
Valley wild wolves still roamed the
canyons a vicious war was underway to
exterminate the last of these cattle
killers one of these wolves however
seemed to possess an almost supernatural
ability to cheat death Seaton soon heard
about this super wolf from the Cowboys
he was known as Lobo
king of the Caramba
Lobo and his band of outlaws were blamed
for killing hundreds of cattle and not
surprisingly the cattle Baron's and
their cowboys wanted him dead
in many ways Seaton was the perfect
assassin
he'd hunted wolves for bounty money
before and written a manual for his
fellow trappers on how to catch them he
even claimed that one of his Scottish
ancestors had wiped out the last
remaining wolves in the British Isles
but behind the gun they a more complex
Seaton was a naturalist who'd grown up
in the backwoods of Canada with a real
love and fascination for nature he was
also an artist trained in Paris and
London whose favorite subjects were the
wild animals of North America
the story of the hunt for Lobo is the
story of a divided man on the one hand a
romantic whose heart was with the
wilderness and its wild creatures and on
the other a hard hunter who like the
Cowboys saw wolves as somehow different
from the other animals as wanton killers
that had to be dealt with
I am to get bored and lodging all
expenses and bounty monies in exchange
for which I shall rid the Cowboys of
their demon wolf I think two weeks
should be enough to catch the pests
little did Seaton know they remarkable
wolf he was up against
the wild and romantic story that follows
is based entirely on the journal that
Seaton kept at the time and the book he
subsequently wrote it is according to
Seaton almost completely true